# Introduction

Please carefully read the [rules](rules/README.md). Refer to the [assignment text](README.md) before doing the tasks described in this document. Don't forget to copy this file to `report.md` and filling your answers there. Do not edit this file.

# 1 Pick a satellite 

Report the NORAD Id you selected.

NORAD_ID

# 2 Retrieve the orbital elements

Report the TLE data you retrieved. If you retrieved TLE data in `KVN`, `XML`, `JSON` or `CSV` formats, report it in `TLE` format.

TLE_DATA

# 3 Implement the SGP4 propagator (code answer: 8 points)

Report the URL or GitHub repository of the SGP4 implementation you will be using.

SGP4_IMPL

Report the command that you use in the CLI to generate the orbit data.

SGP4_COM

# 4 Generate an orbit

Report the start time of your time domain, in terms of minutes since the epoch of you TLE data.

ORB_START_T

Report the stop time of your time domain, in terms of minutes since the epoch of you TLE data.

ORB_STOP_T

Report the time step in your time domain, in terms of minutes.

ORB_STEP_T

Report the motivation that led you to choose the values of the parameters above, i.e., start/stop times and time step (open text answer: 4 points).

ORB_JUST

Report the first data point, i.e. time, position x, y, z, velocity x, y, z, from the orbit data you generated with the SGP4 propagator (numeric answer: 8 points).

ORB_FIRST

Report the last data point from the orbit data you generated with the SGP4 propagator (numeric answer: 8 points).

ORB_LAST

# 5 Plot your orbit

Report the markdown code that adds your plot to this document (graphic answer: 16 points).

ORB_PLOT

Report the command that you use in the CLI to generate your plot.

COR_PLOT_COM

Make three observations about the data you plotted (open text answer: 8 points).

ORB_OBS

Make two interpretations about the observations you reported above (open text answer: 14 points).

ORB_INT

Make one conclusions based on the observations and interpretations you reported above (open text answer: 14 points).

ORB_CON


# 6 Final remarks

Report the steps you have taken to address Code Excellence. Report "none" if relevant (code excellence answer: possible 20 points).

EXC_CODE

Report the steps you have taken to address Assignment Excellence. Report "none" if relevant.

- use CLI tools to retrieve this data programmatically (assignment excellence answer: possible 4 points)

EXC_ASSIGN_1

- implement parsing additional TLE format(s) in your program (assignment excellence answer: possible 4 points)

EXC_ASSIGN_2

- implement multiple methods to communicate the parameters with your SGP4 propagator (assignment excellence answer: possible 4 points)

EXC_ASSIGN_3

- automate the whole workflow (assignment excellence answer: possible 8 points)

EXC_ASSIGN_4
